README.md, before:

# _G'day_ 🤠
<!-- Usually I header my projects with a link to the corresponding repo but this
is a special case; being the "Profile Repo" https://github.com/Skenvy/Skenvy, we
also don't need the typical "top header is repo name hyperlinked to itself"! -->

<!-- Host and src imgs without bloating this or using lfs, by committing images
to this's wiki. ```git clone git@github.com:Skenvy/Skenvy.wiki.git``` to get the
wiki, then add and commit, and the image file is now generally available at path
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wiki/:owner/:repo/a/b/c.xyz e.g.
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wiki/Skenvy/Skenvy/assets/imgs/*.* -->

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Likey, nothing better symbolises the chaotic vibe of my approach to coding than this; the time when I was 15, stumbled upon a broken umbrella, and had no qualms asking, or answering, the question "Could you fit all the pieces of an umbrella in an apple?"

<img alt="An apple with pieces of an umbrella poking through it." src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wiki/Skenvy/Skenvy/assets/imgs/umbrella_apple.jpg" width=830 height=432 style="display:block;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;"/>

## License
> [!NOTE]
> <p xmlns:cc="http://creativecommons.org/ns#" xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/"><a property="dct:title" rel="cc:attributionURL" href="https://github.com/Skenvy/Skenvy">Skenvy</a> by <a rel="cc:attributionURL dct:creator" property="cc:attributionName" href="https://github.com/Skenvy">Nathan Levett</a> is licensed under <a href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/?ref=chooser-v1" target="_blank" rel="license noopener noreferrer" style="display:inline-block;">CC-BY-SA-4.0 <img style="height:22px!important;margin-left:3px;vertical-align:text-bottom;" src="https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/icons/cc.svg?ref=chooser-v1" alt=""><img style="height:22px!important;margin-left:3px;vertical-align:text-bottom;" src="https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/icons/by.svg?ref=chooser-v1" alt=""><img style="height:22px!important;margin-left:3px;vertical-align:text-bottom;" src="https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/icons/sa.svg?ref=chooser-v1" alt=""></a></p>

Commit message:

Add tip link to dotfiles

README.md, after:

# _G'day_ 🤠
<!-- Usually I header my projects with a link to the corresponding repo but this
is a special case; being the "Profile Repo" https://github.com/Skenvy/Skenvy, we
also don't need the typical "top header is repo name hyperlinked to itself"! -->

<!-- Host and src imgs without bloating this or using lfs, by committing images
to this's wiki. ```git clone git@github.com:Skenvy/Skenvy.wiki.git``` to get the
wiki, then add and commit, and the image file is now generally available at path
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wiki/:owner/:repo/a/b/c.xyz e.g.
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wiki/Skenvy/Skenvy/assets/imgs/*.* -->

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Likey, nothing better symbolises the chaotic vibe of my approach to coding than this; the time when I was 15, stumbled upon a broken umbrella, and had no qualms asking, or answering, the question "Could you fit all the pieces of an umbrella in an apple?"

<img alt="An apple with pieces of an umbrella poking through it." src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wiki/Skenvy/Skenvy/assets/imgs/umbrella_apple.jpg" width=830 height=432 style="display:block;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;"/>

> [!TIP]
> My dotfiles are setup for maximum cloneability, from [`main`](https://github.com/Skenvy/dotfiles/tree/main). [`home`](https://github.com/Skenvy/dotfiles/tree/home) is _my_ home. Or, [make yourself at home](https://github.com/Skenvy/dotfiles/tree/base), too.

## License
> [!NOTE]
> <p xmlns:cc="http://creativecommons.org/ns#" xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/"><a property="dct:title" rel="cc:attributionURL" href="https://github.com/Skenvy/Skenvy">Skenvy</a> by <a rel="cc:attributionURL dct:creator" property="cc:attributionName" href="https://github.com/Skenvy">Nathan Levett</a> is licensed under <a href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/?ref=chooser-v1" target="_blank" rel="license noopener noreferrer" style="display:inline-block;">CC-BY-SA-4.0 <img style="height:22px!important;margin-left:3px;vertical-align:text-bottom;" src="https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/icons/cc.svg?ref=chooser-v1" alt=""><img style="height:22px!important;margin-left:3px;vertical-align:text-bottom;" src="https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/icons/by.svg?ref=chooser-v1" alt=""><img style="height:22px!important;margin-left:3px;vertical-align:text-bottom;" src="https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/icons/sa.svg?ref=chooser-v1" alt=""></a></p>
